README.md, before:

# Parallelization of local and global mesh operations on Scotty3D

This website will host information about Alan Lee and Shilin Ma's F23 15418 final project on mesh operation parallelization.

The project proposal can be found [here](project_proposal.pdf).

The milestone report can be found [here](project_milestone.pdf).

# Schedule
Our most up to date schedule for the project is shown below:

| Week of | To Do |
| Nov. 13 | ~~11/15 Project Proposal Due, start Set Up~~ |
| Nov. 20 | ~~Finish Set Up, begin Implementation, complete Gather Benchmarks~~ |
| Nov. 27 | ~~Work on OpenMP and OpenMPI implementations, start Testing -- Load Balancing, 12/2 Milestone Report Due~~ |
| Dec. 4 | Debug and implement fully functional OpenMP and OpenMPI implementations of triangulate |
| Dec. 9 | Extend implementation into one other global operation if feasible. Otherwise, perform testing and analysis of triangulation in greater depth |
| Dec. 11 | Complete analysis, 12/14 Final Report Due, 12/15 Poster Session |

Commit message:

Final project and poster links added

README.md, after:

# Parallelization of local and global mesh operations on Scotty3D

This website will host information about Alan Lee and Shilin Ma's F23 15418 final project on mesh operation parallelization.

The project proposal can be found [here](project_proposal.pdf).

The milestone report can be found [here](project_milestone.pdf).

The final project report can be found [here](project_final.pdf).

The final poster presentation slides can be found [here](project_poster.pdf).

# Schedule
Our most up to date schedule for the project is shown below:

| Week of | To Do |
| Nov. 13 | ~~11/15 Project Proposal Due, start Set Up~~ |
| Nov. 20 | ~~Finish Set Up, begin Implementation, complete Gather Benchmarks~~ |
| Nov. 27 | ~~Work on OpenMP and OpenMPI implementations, start Testing -- Load Balancing, 12/2 Milestone Report Due~~ |
| Dec. 4 | ~~Debug and implement fully functional OpenMP and OpenMPI implementations of triangulate~~ |
| Dec. 9 | ~~Extend implementation into one other global operation if feasible. Otherwise, perform testing and analysis of triangulation in greater depth~~ |
| Dec. 11 | ~~Complete analysis, 12/14 Final Report Due, 12/15 Poster Session~~ |
